okay piano 101 this is an awesome song
called boogie on Broadway we're gonna do
it the first time kind of slow and then
we're gonna do it again a little faster
take a look
we're in seat position so right hand
something is going on seat and left hand
pinkie is going on see when you're in
the right spot you'll have two keys in
between your hands with nothing on them
right there Sam
so hopefully you've got your position
then I also want you to get your right
hand finger three ready on e-flat and I
want you to get left hand finger two
ready on f-sharp all right we've got
tied notes in here so we're going to
count those as a two a one two and we're
gonna start on C one two let's see how
fast I want to go that's how fast we're
gonna try it one two ready together
alright good job let's try it a little
faster like
all right that was fun but are you ready
for a better bigger faster challenge
okay maybe not faster I don't want to go
crazy on you but let's put the duet with
you and see how it sounds I will try to
sing your part and play my part let's
give it a shot all right so we're in go
about this fast one two ready here we go
that was cool
you